--SMILES--

*Introduction*
The SMILES device is an interactive sculpture consisting of two free-standing surfaces, a wall and a floor.
A hand emerges from a hole in the floor.
A small screen is pressed against a hole in the wall from the inside, facing out at the audience.
The audience touches the two outstretched fingers of the hand, and the screen in the wall lights up.
The screen shows the bottom of a face, and the audience understands that there is a person stuck behind the wall, reaching out
towards them through the floor.
The face seems neutral to the first gentle touch, but as the audience explores the range of pressure and qualities of touch, the face
laughs with the joy of companionship. But if the audience should press too strongly, the face contorts into a grimacing frown.

*Hardware*
An ESP32 microcontroller
A Raspberry Pi 3B+
An Arducam 2.5 inch display for Raspberry Pi
Rechargeable 3.7V Lipo battery

*Other materials*
Cardboard
Fabric
Ink
Sculpture wire
Hot glue
Masking tape
Pink plastic foam
22 gauge single electric wire, in red, black and grey
120 kiloOhm resistor

*How it works*
The ESP32 is powered by the Lipo battery. It runs current through a circuit and reads out the voltage values across a voltage divider.
The circuit at rest is broken by a gap between two lengths of copper tape, each affixed to the end of one of the outstretched fingers.
When the audience touches the fingers, the current is connected, and the ESP32 reads non-zero voltages. The better the quality of the
contact, ie. the firmer the viewer presses on the fingers, the higher the voltage the ESP32 reads. The ESP32 hosts a local wifi network
and broadcasts the voltages as UDP messages that are read by a Processing 3 sketch on a Raspberry Pi 3B+, with a mounted display, held
against the inside of the wall construction. The Processing sketch first runs a ten-second callibration, to test the highest values it can
receive, and then using that maximum, it maps the voltage reading to an integer in range 0 to 51.
The Processing sketch has been loaded with 51 images of a mouth transitioning from rest to smile to laughter to frown to grimace.
Corresponding to the mapped voltage value, it displays one of these images at a time, full screen on the Pi.
